README.md, before:

# PWA-TP3

Bryan Loiodice Project Todolist
Fonctionality implemented
* Effacer Tout
* Copie de listes par QR-code
* Sérialisation / désérialisation des données localement (Local Storage) - Pour sauvegarder les données localement
* Undo / Redo (Annuler / Refaire)

I didn't try with mac os so I can't know if you could run the project on it, because it has been only developped on windows 10
and it works with the version of Angular 8

## Problems
I commit my project but it was corrupted by a library I used the LFS Large File System.
Because I didn't setup properly the .gitignore file and with git desktop we search to push the modules
and it's like that I get my files corupted and while I pulled my files I deleted all the git folder and recreate one.

## Depedencies
Project GitHub is here :
```console
git clone https://github.com/loiodicb/Todolist.git
```
To run the project the library for the QrCode is needed 
Download this :
```console
npm install angularx-qrcode@~2.1.4 --save
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Functionality

# erasedAll()
the fonction erased all use the function removeItems() to erase all the elements inside the todoList.items using a forEach to go through all the items. a button with a click event has is connect to use the function with the web Interface.

'''angular
  erasedAll(){
        this.todoList.items.forEach(I =>this.todoService.removeItems(I));
    }
'''

# generateQrCode()
The source to execute the procedure can be follwed by this link : [Angular CLI README](https://www.npmjs.com/package/angularx-qrcode).

To replicate this function we need first to do the good import:
* Verify the version of angular with ng -version
    * if your version of angular is 8.x.x
    * install Install angularx-qrcode 2.1.x with Angular 8 with the following command :
```console
npm install angularx-qrcode@~2.1.4 --save
```
You need to import the module inside your **app.module.ts**
```angular
import { QRCodeModule } from 'angularx-qrcode';
```
You need also to declare the module **QRCodeModule** into  the **imports:[]**
```angular
imports: [
    BrowserModule, FormsModule,**QRCodeModule**
  ],
```
in the file **todo-list.component.ts**
I add the an empty string variable, it will be useful to get the the list of item from the todoList.items and push it inside the module to generate the QRcode image :
```angular
 myAngularxQrCode: string = "";
```
In the **todo-list.component.html** file I add a button to connect to the function **generateQrCode()** to excute the creation of the QrCode
and finally I add a controler to create the QrCode.
* This line will create an Qrcode image from the list and display it on our screen
```angular
<qrcode [qrdata]="myAngularxQrCode" [width]="256" [errorCorrectionLevel]="'M'"></qrcode>
```

## Problem/Solution
During the development of this function while the convertion I was not able to see which value was inside the todoList.items, because while I was try to print the contents of my variable the QRCode generated was not changing.

I tried to print the todoList.items and a **object** was printed. I needed to be sure of what was really sent to generate the QRcode.
After some research I need to decode the todolist.items with the function **JSON.stringify()** to convert a Javascript Object String value into a string.
After this I was able to see the modification when I was adding value and generate a new QrCode.

# Local Storage
I added a variable in the constructor of the files todo-list.component.ts
```angular
localStorage.setItem("todolist",JSON.stringify(this.items));
```
Then I initialized an event it the function ngOnInit() 
to get the modification at every new entree inside the todolist

I created the function localStorageTodolist() who will
get the item from the todo list and store it

# Undo/Redo
To put in place the fucnction undo() and redo() I use the advantage of the local storage I implements before.

Which is check the the last state of the local storage and the last element and moving like size inside
I can get the list and restauring the previous or next states.

## Problem 
It has been complicated to move inside the local storage and taking the last element,
but after that it was easy to do the redo() function.

Commit message:

adding the comment for the voice recognition
I added the voice recognition comment to explain in the read me and in the method how it works

README.md, after:

# PWA-TP3

Bryan Loiodice Project Todolist
Fonctionality implemented
* Effacer Tout
* Copie de listes par QR-code
* Voice Recognition
* Sérialisation / désérialisation des données localement (Local Storage) - Pour sauvegarder les données localement
* Undo / Redo (Annuler / Refaire)

I didn't try with mac os so I can't know if you could run the project on it, because it has been only developped on windows 10
and it works with the version of Angular 8

## Problems
I commit my project but it was corrupted by a library I used the LFS Large File System.
Because I didn't setup properly the .gitignore file and with git desktop we search to push the modules
and it's like that I get my files corupted and while I pulled my files I deleted all the git folder and recreate one.

## Depedencies
Project GitHub is here :
```console
git clone https://github.com/loiodicb/Todolist.git
```
To run the project the library for the QrCode is needed 
Download this :
```console
npm install angularx-qrcode@~2.1.4 --save
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Functionality

# erasedAll()

The fonction erased all use the function removeItems() to erase all the elements inside the todoList.items using a forEach to go through all the items. a button with a click event has is connect to use the function with the web Interface.

'''angular
  erasedAll(){
        this.todoList.items.forEach(I =>this.todoService.removeItems(I));
    }
'''

# generateQrCode()

The source to execute the procedure can be follwed by this link : [Angular CLI README](https://www.npmjs.com/package/angularx-qrcode).

To replicate this function we need first to do the good import:
* Verify the version of angular with ng -version
    * if your version of angular is 8.x.x
    * install Install angularx-qrcode 2.1.x with Angular 8 with the following command :
```console
npm install angularx-qrcode@~2.1.4 --save
```
You need to import the module inside your **app.module.ts**
```angular
import { QRCodeModule } from 'angularx-qrcode';
```
You need also to declare the module **QRCodeModule** into  the **imports:[]**
```angular
imports: [
    BrowserModule, FormsModule,**QRCodeModule**
  ],
```
in the file **todo-list.component.ts**
I add the an empty string variable, it will be useful to get the the list of item from the todoList.items and push it inside the module to generate the QRcode image :
```angular
 myAngularxQrCode: string = "";
```
In the **todo-list.component.html** file I add a button to connect to the function **generateQrCode()** to excute the creation of the QrCode
and finally I add a controler to create the QrCode.
* This line will create an Qrcode image from the list and display it on our screen
```angular
<qrcode [qrdata]="myAngularxQrCode" [width]="256" [errorCorrectionLevel]="'M'"></qrcode>
```

## Problem/Solution

During the development of this function while the convertion I was not able to see which value was inside the todoList.items, because while I was try to print the contents of my variable the QRCode generated was not changing.

I tried to print the todoList.items and a **object** was printed. I needed to be sure of what was really sent to generate the QRcode.
After some research I need to decode the todolist.items with the function **JSON.stringify()** to convert a Javascript Object String value into a string.
After this I was able to see the modification when I was adding value and generate a new QrCode.

# Voice Recognition

I created a service with voice-recognition.service.ts
With inside the detailed of the 3 functions start(), stop(), wordConcat()
this method are use to start and stop the microphone and concate the words said in the microphone and interpret it

clicking on the icone of the microphone run the methode start() and make it run the microphone when you finish to talk
we need to talk to other button with icone of the microphone crossed.
then the word will be added automatically to the list of todolist

# Local Storage

I added a variable in the constructor of the files todo-list.component.ts
```angular
localStorage.setItem("todolist",JSON.stringify(this.items));
```
Then I initialized an event it the function ngOnInit() 
to get the modification at every new entree inside the todolist

I created the function localStorageTodolist() who will
get the item from the todo list and store it

# Undo/Redo

To put in place the fucnction undo() and redo() I use the advantage of the local storage I implements before.

Which is check the the last state of the local storage and the last element and moving like size inside
I can get the list and restauring the previous or next states.

## Problem 

It has been complicated to move inside the local storage and taking the last element,
but after that it was easy to do the redo() function.
